Add max message size to docs (#645)
xmtp/xmtp-dot-org: docs/build/messages/messages.md

## Send messages

To send a message, the recipient must have already started their client at least once and consequently advertised their key bundle on the network. 

> Messages can be up to 1MB only. Use [remote attachments](/docs/build/messages/remote-attachment) to support larger messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Messages can be up to just short of 1MB (1048214 bytes) . Use [remote attachments](/docs/build/messages/remote-attachment) to support larger messages.
```
